[WIP] Sprint: Add/update alt-text for images (#222)
nebari-dev/nebari-docs: docs/docs/get-started/installing-nebari.md

nebari init --help
```

> ![A representation of the output generated when Nebari init help command is executed, the output contains a list of the available options and arguments and their use. ](/img/get-started/nebari-init-help-2.png "Nebari's init help command line output")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<img src="/img/get-started/nebari-init-help-2.png" alt="nebari CLI  init command --help command output" longdesc="The nebari init --help displays the usage and optional arguments for the command which takes Cloud provider as a mandatory input. Other optional arguments are: guided init, namespace, auth provider, domain name, repository, repository auto provision, ci provider, terraform state, Kubernetes version, SSL cert email, help "/>
```
